When we enter the Land of Iron, please find Naruto, Kiba.
I know!
What's wrong?
All Ino could do was cry.
But look at Sakura's determination.
I don't know what she'll say to Naruto,
but it's gonna get really uncomfortable.
I'm sure Sakura's got some ideas.
Four-man squads are the standard,
but any search mission usually includes me.
Plus, I've got that secret request from Sai.
I need to use my nose to see if the Foundation,
the Anbu under Danzo, is following us.
Talk about working us to the bone. Ain't that right, Akamaru?
Hey you! Look at what you’ve done!
That's why I hate ninja.
I-I'm sorry. I'll make sure it's repaired.
Sasuke has shouldered the entire burden
of the Uchiha’s hatred and intends to strike the world with that curse.
It is the most powerful weapon.
It’s his friend and source of power, this thing called hatred.
And it is Sasuke’s Ninja Way!
Sasuke chose this himself.
The only thing left to do is to ask him myself.
It seems Shee was right. The Hokage did make an escape.
Yes, because of Sasuke.
Nothing planned by the Akatsuki is going to be good.
Who knows what you're up to?
Sasuke is…
Bring Sasuke back!
Then listen to my explanation.
It will all depend on your answer.
Calm down, Raikage.
Let's hear him out, and take it from there.
Revive Sasuke.
So that's Madara's ability?
The Transportation Technique.
Where am I?
Now then, are you all ready to listen?
Why are you trying to win Sasuke over?
A Sharingan capable of awakening the Susano'o is rare.
I like to stock up on good eyes.
By battling the Five Kage,
I wanted him to hone his ocular powers even more.
I'm the one who sent Sasuke here.
I was intending on weakening the Five Kage and taking you all hostage.
It seems that is still not possible.
Taking us hostage? For what purpose?!
To smoothly implement the aforementioned Project Tsuki no Me.
It's quite shocking to learn that Madara Uchiha is still alive,
but why would a man of your skill resort to such a roundabout method?
Surely, you have the strength to bring any plan to fruition.
The injuries I sustained during my battle
with the First Hokage Hashirama were too severe.
I have no strength in me now.
You could say I am merely a shell of my old self.
Is this a plan to restore yourself?
You could say that. But that's not all.
What are you scheming?!
Just what is this Project Tsuki no Me?!
I want to take my time talking to you. Let me sit down.
We’re asking you what kind of plan it is!
All shall become one with me,
and result in a complete possession form that unites all.
Become one? Unite all?
What do you mean?!
The Uchiha have an ancient stone tablet
that has been passed down through the generations.
It still exists underground in the Hidden Leaf Village.
Upon it are written secrets,
engraved by the Sage of the Six Paths himself.
It cannot be read unless you possess ocular powers.
With the Sharingan,
the Mangekyo Sharingan and Rinnegan, in that order,
the contents become increasingly visible.
Your story is unlikely. The Sage of the Six Paths doesn't…
It is the truth!
He did exist. And he left the stone tablet.
Don't change the subject!
What does your plan have to do with the Sage of the Six Paths?!
Do you know why he became a legendary figure
and a godlike figure that is revered as a god of ninja?
There lies the link between my plan and this man.
Madara Uchiha…
You possess the Mangekyo Sharingan and among the Akatsuki,
there was one who possessed the Rinnegan.
You know everything, don't you?
We're listening.
He once saved the world from a certain monster.
Monster?
Gaara, you also had one part of that monster sealed inside you.
That monster was the combination of every Tailed Beast in existence.
Something that possessed the most powerful chakra.
The Ten-Tails!
Declaration of War
That monster was the combination of every Tailed Beast in existence.
Something that possessed the most powerful chakra.
The Ten-Tails.
Aren't there only nine Tailed Beasts?!
I just told you.
It was the combination of all the Tailed Beasts.
Shukaku, Gaara's Tailed Beast known as…
the One-Tail!
The fiery Monster Cat of the Hidden Cloud's Yugito Ni’i…
the Two-Tails!
The former Mizukage's…
Three-Tails!
Roshi of the Lava Style’s…
Four-Tails!
Han of the Hidden Stone’s… Five-Tails!
The Rogue Ninja Utakata’s…
Six-Tails!
Fuu of the Hidden Waterfalls’…
Seven-Tails!
Raikage's younger brother, Killer Bee’s…
Eight-Tails!
And the fox spirit of the Hidden Leaf…
the Nine-Tails!
The Ten-Tails' chakra was simply divided up into the nine Tailed Beasts,
by the Sage of the Six Paths.
I don't like where this story is headed.
Is that why the Akatsuki are gathering the Tailed Beasts?
The Sage of the Six Paths developed a certain ninjutsu
in order to protect the world from the Ten-Tails.
Even today, that ninjutsu is still being secretly passed down.
It is the Sealing Jutsu process for Jinchuriki.
Yes, the Sage of the Six Paths was the Ten-Tails' Jinchuriki.
In order to suppress it, he sealed the Ten-Tails within his body.
The Sage, who saved a world terrorized by the Ten-Tails,
became a savior and won praise as a god.
But if the Sage died, the powerful and demonic chakra of the Ten-Tails
would once again be released unto the world.
Fearing this, at the time of his death,
the Sage of the Six Paths summoned every last ounce of his power
to partition the Ten-Tails' chakra into nine parts
and scattered them across the world.
Then he sealed the Ten-Tails' body, now devoid of chakra,
and hurled it into the sky.
And it became the moon.
What a tall tale! As if a human could do such a thing.
When he became the Jinchuriki of the Ten-Tails,
the Sage of the Six Paths went beyond the realm of humans.
I understand now that you seek that inhuman power
by gathering the chakra of the nine, namely all, of the Tailed Beasts.
But what will you do with all that power?
Revive the Ten-Tails.
And I will become the Ten-Tail’s Jinchuriki.
I will use its power to strengthen my ocular powers,
and activate a certain jutsu.
A certain jutsu?! What is it?
What do you intend to do?
A Super Genjutsu, where I project my eyes off the moon.
Infinite Tsukuyomi.
I will cast a genjutsu on every human that walks the earth.
And in that genjutsu, I will control all humans and unify the world.
A world without hatred or war.
Everything will become one with me, everything will be united.
That is my Project Tsuki no Me.
Stop joking around! I’m not handing the world over to you!
Peace that exists only as an illusion is deception.
Peace is only meaningful when it is genuinely achieved in the real world.
So what exists inside such a world?
There is no hope, no dreams! It’s just an escape!
Unite the world, huh?
Danzo mentioned something similar.
But instead of uniting the world,
it just sounds like you want to make the world yours!
All this talk and yet, what have you Five Kage accomplished?
You of all people should know by now…
There is no such thing as hope!
To hope is equivalent to giving up,
and it’s the biggest deception of all.
Turn over the remaining Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails,
and cooperate with my plan.
Or there will be war.
War you say?
The Eight-Tails? What are you talking about?
Didn't you get Bee?
The attempt to capture the Eight-Tails failed and he escaped.
He is a ninja who is a perfect Jinchuriki.
Only your younger brother has got what it takes.
Huh?!
Yeah, I sort of had a feeling about that.
That idiot!
He used that chance to slip away and now, he's having the time of his life!
Unforgivable! He's going to get my Iron Claw!
We will not hand over Naruto Uzumaki.
I agree with him!
What about you, Raikage?
There's no way I'll let him have my younger brother!
I don't have the strength,
but the Tailed Beasts we've gathered so far, do.
You people have no chance of winning.
We haven't given up hope.
Very well.
I hereby declare the start of the Fourth Great Ninja War.
The Fourth Great Ninja War?
Are you mad?!
The next time we meet will be on the battlefield.
Well then, what do we do now?
We have to form an Allied Shinobi Force.
It’s the only way we can counter the power of the seven Tailed Beasts.
You were opposed to this, weren't you, Lord Raikage?
It seems my younger brother is alive.
We cannot allow ourselves to be manipulated by the Akatsuki any longer.
Form the alliance and settle this once and for all!
What about the Hidden Leaf? The Hokage ran off.
There is too much suspicion surrounding Danzo.
He lost our trust at this summit.
When the Hidden Leaf ninja learn about him,
his position in the village will become insecure.
He will be removed in no time!
I will speak to someone I trust among the Hidden Leaf
regarding the Allied Shinobi Force.
Who would that be?
Kakashi Hatake of the Sharingan.
You mean the White Fang’s son?
Right here and now, this young ninja, no matter how awkwardly,
is bowing his head in his affection
for the Cloud and Leaf, village and nation.
Lord Raikage…
As one of the five Kage, what do you think of this?
Fine. He seems more trustworthy than Danzo.
Agreed.
Lord Raikage, we must take measures to find Killer Bee immediately!
If the Akatsuki want the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails,
they are probably still pursuing Bee.
Yes. Shee, send word to the village to put together
a Tracking Unit to begin the search for Bee immediately!
Yes sir!
We must notify Samui's team too.
Omoi and Karui have been feeling quite distraught.
If we are to stop Madara's Project Tsuki no Me,
we cannot let the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails fall into his hands.
I think it is imperative that our Allied Shinobi Forces find the two first
and place them into hiding.
Y-You're absolutely right!
If the day comes when this Ten-Tails is revived…
However, we cannot even imagine the power Madara wields
with the seven Tailed Beasts he already has.
Furthermore, he may possess certain jutsu or a trump card
for using the Tailed Beasts.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have come on so strong.
Perhaps it would be wise for the Allied Shinobi Forces to plan
on using the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails as military weapons too.
That cannot happen.
This is also a war to protect those two.
There is a reason why Madara is waging war
with just the seven Tailed Beasts he has collected thus far.
It is too difficult for Madara, in his weakened state,
and the Akatsuki members to capture the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails.
And even if they had succeeded, he felt the risk was too great.
That is why he may be hoping to lure the two to his side through war.
In any case, using the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails for battle
is not a wise strategy.
I agree.
I also concur with the Kazekage.
If we consider the worst-case scenario,
it will be like offering the Eight-Tails or Nine-Tails on a silver platter!
And besides, the Eight-Tails is my younger brother and
"military strategy" is a foreign concept to him.
I can’t predict what he’d do.
Yay!
He may just create more chaos on the battlefield!
Naruto the Nine-Tails, would do the same.
– That's for sure. – I'll say.
I understand. Well then, Lord Tsuchikage,
our aim will be to protect and confine the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails.
Fine.
Intel about Killer Bee will be provided to
the Stone, Mist, Sand and Leaf Villages.
Use it to form Tracking Units and get moving!
Send word the instant you find the Eight-Tails.
My younger brother will only heed orders from me!
By the way, Kazekage, we will leave the matter with Kakashi to you.
Yes.
On my way here,
I met Kakashi Hatake and the boy who is the Nine-Tails' Jinchuriki.
They might still be here in the Land of Iron.
You should start your search for them here.
Understood.
U-Um… May I say something?
What is it?
Uh… Yes… Umm…
Spit it out!
I-In the Akatsuki, there's someone who, like me, is a member of
the Seven Ninja Swordsmen of the Mist. Kisame Hoshigaki.
He has chakra equal to that of a Jinchuriki
as well as a sword known as Samehada, Shark Skin,
which is the most evil, even among the Seven Ninja Swordsmen of the Mist.
When his chakra and sword merge, even though he is human,
he releases power close to that of a Jinchuriki.
He is like a Tailed Beast without the tail.
That's what I've been told by my seniors.
He is extraordinary and must not be underestimated.
We already know that!
But are you all sure about this plan?
We do not know what kind of power
the seven Tailed Beasts possess under Madara.
If we confine the Eight-Tails and Nine-Tails,
and our Allied Shinobi Force is destroyed while protecting these Tailed Beasts,
our entire effort would have been meaningless.
If that is the case, I think it is better to use the two right from the beginning
in a combined effort with the Allied Shinobi Forces.
I wonder about that.
At this moment, the world's first Allied Shinobi Force is being formed.
Its power is also unknown.
Madara will also be taking a great risk
in pitting the power of the seven Tailed Beasts against it.
Otherwise, why would he have come to this summit to try to negotiate?
He must also be dealing with unfavorable conditions.
Furthermore, we Samurai will also participate in this war!
Lord Tsuchikage… Do you still have doubts even now?
Looks like the Raikage and Kazekage went upstairs.
Sasuke and Karin must have gone ahead.
We should go up too.
But it's guarded.
We'll be spotted right away.
Well, I have a good way.
What the hell was he?
So gross!
If we keep doing what we’ve always done,
we’ll never find Sasuke.
I’ve got to use Sage Mode.
But first, I need to be able to sustain it longer.
Naruto, come inside soon.
Finally found you!
Sakura…
Sai, Kiba, and even Bushy Brows?
Why did you all come here?
Naruto…
I need to talk to you.
W-What is happening?! Sakura, is this the truth?
Sakura, you’re… Is this really how you feel?
Stop Yamato, let’s hear her out.
Is this for real, Sakura?
Yes, I just finally realized my true feelings.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: “Sakura’s Feelings”
What’s going on?
Tune in again!